docs: add a basic layout for wait strategies in docs (#536)
testcontainers/testcontainers-go: docs/features/wait/exec.md

> # Exec Wait strategy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Exec Wait Strategy
```
After looking through the whole PR, I think we should capitalize `Strategy` in every heading, WDYT?

> The exec wait strategy will check the exit code of a process to be executed in the container, being able to set the following conditions:

Reviewer: I am a little bit picky here, but I wonder how to consistently talk about _wait strategies_ in the docs. In Java, we are in a comfortable position, since the class name itself is fully descriptive within the domain language (e.g., `HttpWaitStrategy`, `LogMessageWaitStrategy`, etc.). So it follow the pattern of `XWaitStrategy`. 

In Go we generally have `XStrategy` (`ExecStrategy`, `HealthStrategy`) as types, but some are also off from the convention (`waitForSql`, which is also private?).

I know it would be a hard breaking change to align Go with Java here, but maybe we can eventually do it?

Author: In Go the package provides that context: `wait.ForLog`, `wait.ForSQL` etc, so we are covered there.

I totally agree that the existing code conventions are not consistent (public Vs private, reused fields such as startupTimeout and pollInterval being spread instead in of a separated struct or interface) and I did not change that intentionally. My goal is to face that in separate efforts

- the command and arguments to be executed, as an array of strings.

> - the exit code as a function to resolve a matcher, being the default one `0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a function to match a specific exit code, with the default matching `0`.
```

> - the startup timeout to be used, default is 60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the startup timeout to be used in seconds, default is 60 seconds.
```

> - the poll interval to be used, default is 100 milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the poll interval to be used in milliseconds, default is 100 milliseconds.
```
